feat(components): [notification] add `closeIcon` option with default Close (#20402)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/notification.md

```javascript
import { ElNotification } from 'element-plus'

> 
> // How to use
> ElNotification({
>   title: 'Title',
>   message: 'This is a message',
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { CloseBold } from '@element-plus/icons-vue'

ElNotification({
  title: 'Title',
  message: 'This is a message',
  closeIcon: CloseBold
})
```

| offset                   | offset from the top edge of the screen. Every Notification instance of the same moment should have the same offset | ^[number]                                                             | 0         |
| appendTo                 | set the root element for the notification, default to `document.body`                                              | ^[string] / ^[HTMLElement]                                            | —         |
| zIndex                   | initial zIndex                                                                                                     | ^[number]                                                             | 0         |

> | closeIcon                | custom close icon, default is Close                                                                                | ^[string] / ^[Component]                                              | —         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| closeIcon  ^(2.9.8)      | custom close icon, default is Close                                                                                | ^[string] / ^[Component]                                              | —         |
```
